welcome back everyone I'm King games
layer and today I'm going to be showing
you a strange duplication glitch i found
while i was building my redstone movie
theater if you have your menu up and you
highlight one of your hotkeys with your
mouse and press the button of that hot
key slot you wish to assign that item to
it will duplicate the item let's take a
look at what that means I'll rag
everyone so I've got my menu up here and
what we do to duplicate the atoms is you
scroll over it with your mouse so I'm
going to use the oak sapling as an
example so you scroll over it with your
mouse and hit the number of the hot key
slot you want to assign it to so in this
case I want it to be one where the
diamonds are so I'm just going to hit
the number one swaps it out for the
Diamonds saplings right here and when I
try and place it turns into diamonds you
can see I now have two stacks I've got
this stack here and the stack here where
the sapling was and I could do the same
thing with dirt so if i highlight the
dirt with my mouse hid the one key
switches it over everything looks good
but then diamonds
strange very strange it works with rails
to so try and place the rail diamonds
minecarts diamonds it can be any slot to
it's not just slot number one so we can
even turn these diamonds into class
pretty cool and it does work with
potions so we can do this try and use it
turns into glass splash potion
turns into glass eye of ender diamond
so yeah it's just a weird little
duplication glitch i thought i'd share
with you guys my just kind of stumbled
across it as far as i know you do have
to be in creative mode which is kind of
a bummer but you know maybe there are
some items that do it in survival I just
you know don't want to go through every
item you know I'm building my redstone
movie theater and everything but I'll
have a video on this hopefully this week
and thanks for watching everybody